chore: update to node 16 (#2788)
hashicorp/terraform-cdk: CHANGELOG.md

We added support for advanced lifecycle features like [`preconditions`](/terraform/language/expressions/custom-conditions#preconditions-and-postconditions), so all generated resource or data source bindings made a breaking change.

> ### Minimal Node version updated to 16.13

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Minimum required Node version updated to 16.13
```

> Since the long-term support for Node 14 is ending we updated our minimal compatible node version to 16.13 and above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the long-term support for Node 14 is ending, we updated our minimum compatible node version to 16.13.
```
